As a constituent, consumer, and tech user, I am deeply concerned about the provisions that are being written into the Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP) and other trade agreements being negotiated by the Office of the United States Trade Representative. I oppose “trade” policies that are developed without proper oversight or input from the public. The shear fact that wikileaks was the source to provide the full text of the bill should indicate that TPP outlines laws which are NOT in the best interests of the general public, since the laws had to be hidden from the public. TPP contains clauses which are unacceptable. These clauses will extend pharmaceutical drug patents, restrict internet freedoms, and create a legal framework for companies to sue nations over potential profit loss.

Extending pharmaceutical patents beyond the current 20 years will prevent generic drug production forcing patients to pay more for the same medication. This disincentives investment in research and development of new and better drugs, and at a time when drug companies already spend 1.5-2 times more on marketing, then on R&D, it is foolish to further desincentivize the advancement of life saving drugs. We need more effective drugs not more expensive ones. These high costs will also prevent the proliferation of these drugs in impoverished nations and locales where they are needed most.

Regarding digital freedoms TPP contains several highly alarming mandates. Article 16.3 of the bill opens the way for "Three-strikes" policies and laws that require Internet intermediaries to terminate their users’ Internet access on repeat allegations of copyright infringement. Key word there is allegations, not convictions. Additionally 16.3 opens the door to requirements for Internet intermediaries to filter all Internet communications for potentially copyright-infringing material, and ISP obligations to block access to websites that allegedly infringe or facilitate copyright infringement. The vague language used in TPP will put fair use at risk. Fair use is incredibly important, material used for satire, education, commentary, criticism, and news reporting, is protected under fair use. Nothing covered under the fair use act significantly harms the ability of companies to make money off of their content. While restricting even one of those will severely harm our digital freedom, putting freedom of speech, and our ability to share and access information at risk. 16.3 also encourages efforts to force intermediaries to disclose the identities of their customers to IP rights-holders on an allegation of copyright infringement. A dangerous trend. Deputizing ISPs to spy, and regulate their users, and if CISA passes this will allow the federal yet another avenue to sidestep the 4th amendment. Copyright infringement must be updated for the digital age, and intellectual property is important, but in an economy where businesses both online and off benefit from user engagement, and user created content; cracking down harshly on small infractions, will negatively impact the economy by harshly restricting user generated content. I'd also like to argue that the legal fees the government would incur as a result of enforcing these policies would exceed any reparations gained+the cost of the original infraction by a factor of at least 10^3, since online infractions are much easier to fight then a traffic ticket.

TPP's legal framework will enable companies to sue nations over laws which could cost them future revenue. For example, if the US were to enact stricter energy laws, or if the US created financial regulations to prevent another crash similar to 2008,  Exxon, JPmorgan, and any foreign company doing business in the USA could sue the USA for lost profits. This is utterly outrageous and unacceptable, and as if that wasn't enough congress is attempting to fast track TPP, which means that congress can approve or disprove TPP but not amend it. This is in no way reasonable or acceptable. Taxpayers should not be forced to pay to prevent companies from poisoning our enviroment.

This is why I ask that you please oppose TPP, and oppose the renewal of Fast Track authority, or also known as Trade Promotion Authority. As my elected Congressional representative, I expect you to exercise your constitutional authority to craft laws that represent my interests and meet U.S. domestic priorities. If Fast Track is granted, it will obligate us to conform our laws to these trade instruments, making it all the more onerous for you to create policy that reflects the needs of your constituents. I would therefore find it disturbing if you voted in favor of this process that so flagrantly undermines our constitutionally protected checks and balances in government.

I ask you to please for f**ks sake:

• Stand up and testify in Congressional hearings against any bill that would renew Fast Track authority, also known as Trade Promotion Authority.
• Convince your fellow lawmakers to stand with you to oppose this unconstitutional rule.
• Reject the renewal of Fast Track if it comes to a vote.
• And Lastly VOTE AGAINST TPP.

I do not want my trade agreements written to benefit business at the cost of the consumer. 

I look forward to seeing you take a stand against this unconstitutional process.
I also find it highly alarming that such an important and potentially harmful piece of legislation has received almost no mainstream media coverage. I would encourage you to use your clout to highlight this important issue.

And if you refuse to do any and all of the above. 
Well...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PFU_V0wR92Q 

A shining example of user created content which TPP seeks to destroy. For more information and arguments which are presented better then mine check out www.citizens.org and www.eff.org

-Jacob Kirlan-Stout

